fix(emulator): Hosting emulator should not connect to 0.0.0.0 for emulators (#3141)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes issue where proxied requests to dynamic content through the Hosting emulator would return unexpected `location` headers. (#3097)
- Fixes issue where optional extension parameters could not be omitted. (#3126)

> - Fixes issue where hosting emulator should not connect to 0.0.0.0 for emulators. (#3121)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes issue where hosting emulator would connect to 0.0.0.0 for emulators. (#3121)
```
